OSDOCS-17043_2_a: CQA Azure machine set assembly and core modules (#114616)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-yaml-azure.adoc

where:

> `<infrastructure_id>`:: Specifies the infrastructure ID that is based on the cluster ID that you set when you provisioned the cluster. If you have the {product-title} CLI installed, you can obtain the infrastructure ID by running the following command:

Reviewer: It is actually "the OpenShift CLI" - if you want to avoid the name in text you can use the `oc` attribute here
```suggestion
`<infrastructure_id>`:: Specifies the infrastructure ID that is based on the cluster ID that you set when you provisioned the cluster. If you have the {oc-first} installed, you can obtain the infrastructure ID by running the following command:
```

[NOTE]
====

> The value of the `spec.template.spec.providerSpec.value.zone` parameter specifies the zone within your region to place machines on. If your region supports availability zones, you must specify the zone.

Reviewer: Why remove the statement "Ensure that your region supports the zone that you specify."?
